Hi, Ava. How are you?Hey,
Jenny. I'm doing well. How's things with
you?Good. Keeping busy with the product
launch coming up. Aren't we all?
Hey there, Max. Hi, Ava. Hey,
Jenny. Sorry I'm late. My last meeting
ran longer than expected. No problem.
OK, so I just wanted to check in on the
launch event plans. Jenny,
how are we doing on collateral for the
event?Hold on, let me share a slide.
I have a draft designed for posters, and
I found these cool little water bottles
that I thought might make good giveaways
for attendees. Yes, those look great.
Yeah, I like it. Do you have costs for
them?We'll need to make sure there's
budget. I've reached out to the supplier
for a quote. That's great, Jenny. Can you
get an estimate to us by the end of the
week?Sure, I'll do that.
Fantastic. OK, let's meet again
next week. Max, can you schedule a
meeting?Sure. I'll send an
invite. See you all later.
Thanks. Great work, team. Bye.
Have a great day.